What is Encapsulation?
    Encapsulation is the process of hiding internal details and providing a public interface for accessing and manipulating data.
    Encapsulation is a fundamental concept in object-oriented programming.It combines data and methods into a single unit called a class.The class encapsulates the data and provides methods to interact with it.Access to the data is controlled through the class's public interface.
    Encapsulation helps in achieving data abstraction, data hiding, and code reusability.
    For example, a class representing a car can encapsulate its attributes like color, model, and methods like start, stop, and accelerate.
    By encapsulating the car's internal details, we can hide the implementation and provide a simple interface for using the car.

What are the technologies you know ?
    I have knowledge of programming languages such as Java, Python, and C++. I am also familiar with web development technologies like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
    Proficient in Java, Python, and C++ programming languages

    Familiar with web development technologies like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript

    Knowledge of database management systems like MySQL and Oracle

    Experience with version control systems like Git

Just in time . Which used in java program excusion
    Just-in-time (JIT) is a feature in Java that compiles bytecode into native machine code at runtime.
    JIT improves the performance of Java programs by reducing the time needed for compilation.

    JIT is enabled by default in most Java virtual machines.

    JIT can be disabled using the -Xint option.

    JIT can also be configured using various options such as -XX:CompileThreshold and -XX:MaxInlineLevel.

what is the use of group by in MySQL?
How to delete the middle element of a linked list?
what is difference between delete, trucate and drop?
Difference between Java and JavaScript?
Difference between multiprogramming and multitasking?
What is cloud computing?
    Cloud computing is the delivery of computing services over the internet, including servers, storage, databases, networking, software, analytics, and intelligence.
    Allows users to access and store data and applications on remote servers instead of on their local devices

    Provides flexibility, scalability, and cost-effectiveness for businesses

    Examples include Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform

What is react virtual dom?
    React virtual DOM is a lightweight copy of the actual DOM, used for efficient updates and rendering in React applications.
    Virtual DOM is a concept where a lightweight copy of the actual DOM is created and updated by React.

    React compares the virtual DOM with the actual DOM and only updates the necessary parts for efficiency.

    This helps in faster rendering and updates in React applications.

What is SDLC and its phases?

What do you know about tcs
    TCS is a global IT services, consulting and business solutions organization.
    TCS stands for Tata Consultancy Services

    It is headquartered in Mumbai, India

    It is one of the largest IT services companies in the world

    TCS offers a wide range of services including application development, infrastructure management, and business process outsourcing

    It has a presence in over 46 countries and serves clients in various industries such as banking, healthcare, and retail

how to perform DB testing?
Explain Api testing?
    API testing is a type of software testing that involves testing the APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) of
    an application to ensure they are working correctly and as expected.
    API testing can be performed manually or using automated tools.
    API testing involves testing the following aspects of an API:
    1. API Endpoints: Testing the API endpoints to ensure they are working correctly and returning the expected response.
    2. API Request and Response: Testing the API request and response to ensure they are correctly formatted and contain the expected data.
    3. API Authentication: Testing the API authentication to ensure it is working correctly and users are able to access the API with the correct credentials.
    4. API Error Handling: Testing the API error handling to ensure it is working correctly and users are able to handle errors correctly.

SQL joins and there use
    Ans. SQL joins are used to combine rows from two or more tables based on a related column between them.
    Types of joins include INNER JOIN, LEFT JOIN, RIGHT JOIN, and FULL JOIN.

    INNER JOIN returns rows when there is at least one match in both tables.

    LEFT JOIN returns all rows from the left table and the matched rows from the right table.

    RIGHT JOIN returns all rows from the right table and the matched rows from the left table.

    FULL JOIN returns rows when there is a match in one of the tables.

    Example: SELECT * FROM table1 INNER JOIN table2 ON table1.column = table2.column;

what is strenght?
    Ans. Strength is the ability to overcome challenges, persevere in difficult situations, and achieve goals.
    Physical strength: ability to lift heavy objects, perform physical tasks

    Mental strength: ability to stay focused, handle stress, make tough decisions

    Emotional strength: ability to cope with emotions, maintain resilience

    Strength of character: integrity, determination, courage

    Strength in relationships: ability to communicate effectively, resolve conflicts

